the virtual world but the danger is real and
good book
joinville everything soon after the environment
recently recorded a talking video
about meeting I had thanks for
all pick up on file with china jeans
who is well known for writing the
saga my choice at least last
chance to get a new book from him.
The game is infinite and to check this
interview you can stay here while
I make this move that will have a
thing you click
As I said in this interview video, you have
a fascination and nine by stories that
if they happen in a virtual reality I
I know you have some examples like
player number 1 that has already been criticized
previously and also a series
Japanese call dot net that encompasses
encompasses that who lomba mangas
anime books games played and a lot of
other things and is by far the best
thing that I have already experienced in terms of
virtual reality
many of these stories that involve
virtual reality premise ends
falling into issues such as dependence on
humans with machines the escapism that is
You'd rather live a reality.
virtual versus the real and so on
and an infinite does not escape this premise
however much it gets super second
plan against the madness that is native to
book folks accompany michael in one
adventure on the third person radio and the
virtual world there is called fortinet and the
players play in the following way they
they enter a coffin that is nothing more than
that a dry air box is asleep and the
body is turned off and the mind raised to
this reality of the palm trees can make
of everything and everything is recorded by the
coffin and give stimuli to the body
then they do center be
pleasure pain food and read they have notion
with the body is basically quality of the
current situation but also a reality almost
real
the book use and abuse of jesus invented
as the author himself
coffin things like wake sound of
immersion emer are tangents are words
that appear in the narrative world that
may cause a certain strangeness in the
start but after the player is
The player is not accustomed to being
accustomed to air-conditioned is the
normal and even helps the reader to
Best essence the story and the world
leave and is threatened by something
called the doctrine of death, which is also the
name adopted knowing it here will be a
technology to several players entering
in a state of brain death and everything
must to actions of a player also
cyber terrorist called key
and where most of them my friends are
super - versed in what is without code
of the game in virtual reality are
called by the security agency that
take care of the website for me
arrive this case and for the whole time
I wondered why the hell this life of
would rely on children and
teenagers
To investigate something that is so serious.
the characters in question to
respect but has come to the conclusion
that's because they know a game
better than anyone else
so players not
But administrators, but not better.
knows the game with its programmers
I did so objectively type
because they do not hire more senators
until ray a matter of days why to do
put teaching where teens
players and this has had an impact
superactive nor a matter of mere
similarity and this issue was
explained when he had an average
revelation at the end of the book only that
revelation makes the slightest sense
It's hard to stay with you like this because
it does not make so much sense without the stories
but suffice it to say that along the
their narrative of china will give clues
of what this relationship can be but only
has prevented it from reaching this
obvious conclusion he
dreams information information coming
asking we come to this conclusion
because it makes this conclusion a
thing totally is that it does not make sense
that once you have this information
what's being said in the end you speak
but this is a big lie because
You told me before you did not
could not happen
it makes sense knows where a person is
specialized in check the facts and read the
book and see everything that is being said in
end of day 17 and talk look I think is the
next in the end for you do this
relation to not making sense because
this goes against the information you
gave it before he does not remember you change
information but do not destroy
happened then i stayed like this the best
example I can give in this case
of the son of the wife of a son director
of the ritual that has a specific series
in which the percy jackson is there all
and will enter a place where he does not
Can you stop but not anyway?
can have guns can not betray the
state can not be supporting can
enter any type of weapon that anyone
with it will suffer severe consequences
and the next week you have a
character inside with the dagger
doing things a dagger cohen siaca de
suffering suffered at most games are super
poorly constructed and meaningless
these character actions are in the
book of temptation and so many dangers
updated and a character doing
jokes and raising questions
in the midst of a battle of
one thing they can either be
mainly talk after a friend
them away in a horrible way
same as digitally but let's remember
that the selection feeling that it is
happening then if you suffer a
show the game book did you feel this
horrible death they forget about it two
seconds later, coherence people and
world is very badly harnessed
today we are talking about a
virtual reality there are no limits
the author 's imagination and can do
basically what you want but if not with
all this
the disposition of Zetti failed
creating a tokyo city became more
boring than the bag there those numbers
then present an example that I can
give it to you from an author who knew
use the opportunity reality reality
virtual and create an amazing person was
the year but of course the player was a
Seriously the matter of zeal looks I went with
much thirst for the pot of the virtual network of
Age and I ended up passing cb the game
infinite will take two toninho the two
nephews and a desire that in the
Proceedings can catch them think
this idea is to take something really
athletic because for now the country is
that people the old partner can already
Start cursing me down here.
but if you enjoyed the video click on
enjoy if you do not the channel sign up
follow us on facebook on twitter
and also on the site enable to point with
br br
There's a lot of news but we're pretty cool.
access so noc and I see you bet
in a kiss